today we're going to talk about how to
use AI to write $10 million plus vs
telescript if you don't know who I am my
name is Daniel Fazzio I currently make
above $1 million per month I'm the
co-founder of client essention and list
kit I believe every singular thing I do
sell uses a vssl funnel so if you're not
using vsl funnels you're making a
substantial mistake but you're here
right now so I'm going to save you I'm
going to teach you how to do it using AI
before we get into this video if you
want to see the actual vssl that I am
actively scaling to cold traffic with
$6,000 per day in ad spend put the first
link in the description you can download
it and watch the real actual thing as an
example of what this creates so let's
talk about this real quick B2B versus
b2c this guide is exclusively for B2B
offers specifically offers where you are
not selling to poor people we will be
generating logic based arguments not
emotional-based argument so if your
Market makes decisions based on emotion
and not logic this will therefore not
work it is for B2B offers only so step
one and this is the core premise of
everything that's going on here so you
need about 10 to 15 recordings of live
sales calls from actual people who are
interested in this offer right
specifically the transcripts in txt
format not PDF do not extract this as a
PDF you also can't do it as a MP4 or MP3
it has to be the actual transcription
file ideally in txt format right the
best way to do this is using a notetaker
app like fireflies or fathom on your
Zoom calls and then extract the txt
transcripts of 10 to 15 you could
actually probably get up to about 20
you're just going to be limited by CLA
limits so you want to upload these to a
CLA project upload 10 to 15 so what does
that look like so if I if I go over here
this is Claud if you haven't used claw
before you're going to use a Claud
project how do you get to Claud projects
and you'll need 3.5 Sonet too so you'll
need like the Pro Plan of Claude go up
here Claude projects and then what you
do is I'll go into this one for instance
you upload project knowledge and what
project knowledge is it's just here's
your knowledge here's what you know so
for instance I've got I believe 12
recordings of sales calls right here and
it was the txt file or a docx file so
it's just raw text right so 12 I could
probably double this to about 24 based
off of this right here it has a capacity
and what you want to do is once you
upload those you're going to start
prompting so the first prompt we're
going to do is along the lines of we
have an offer where I'm putting this in
quotes so you can inject it what your
offer is who it's for what it helps them
accomplish I need your help with writing
video sales letter for this offer what
are some core value propositions key
points pain points and questions I need
to address in the video take time for
yourself to contemplate this if you feel
like you need to ask me follow-up
questions to generate a better answer
please do so so that's what I did right
here is the first prompt go all the way
up here I wrote In what we do and then
if basically just walked me through some
key insights that I would have otherwise
not understood so this is a good
practice for kind of understanding where
your offer Falls but secondarily the
next prompt we want to do is this so
this is for getting the section of the
vssl can you extract the most common
objections and questions list them out
for me in descending order of the
frequency with which they're asked so
let me head back over to this and it's
right here can you extract the most
common objections and questions and list
them out for me in descending order of
the frequency with which they're asked
so this was for a different offer than
the one I'm showing you but it was about
data quality and source questions so
people want to know like this is for a
data offer people want to know where we
got the data from how accurate it is how
do you verify what's the bounce rate
then they want to know about volume and
coverage then price and value questions
then technical integration then
specifics and then deliverability and
then contract and commitment terms and
then support and implementation and this
is the exact sequence that they ask the
questions why is that important why do
we specifically want to know the
frequency and descending order that they
ask the questions because if you order
it this is just a little mathematical
trick if you have a [__] ton of people
and you order it in descending frequency
of the order that they're asked it by
Nature just by raw math comes out to be
the exact order the exact logical order
that the questions are answered why is
that important in a vssl because you
want to present an answer to a question
and then present the answer to the next
logical question that arises from the
answer to the first question so you get
a second order question you see what I
mean you have to anticipate what is
going to be asked that's why you
specifically need to say and sending
order of the frequency with which
they're asked right so what does that
mean so when I do this for the cold
email setup offer this is what I get
they want to know expected Roi and
results how the system works the typical
kpis and how many leads and clients they
can get what's including the offer
what's the pricing and case studies from
other people therefore in that vssl for
the C setup offer this is the table of
contents it's literally the same exact
thing you see what I mean like it's
literally just these questions answered
in order the difference between
marketing and sales marketing is being
able to anticipate the question that
somebody is going to have before they
ask it marketing is just a sales call
without the other person present
therefore what you want to do is make
sure that you are answering the
questions in the exact order that's
going to be asked what's the best way to
do that by extracting it from the sales
call because marketing just is a sales
call without the other person present
that's literally what a vssl is is a
video sales letter so you just answer
the questions that they already ask on
the sales call does that make sense I
hope it does because I made [__] $10
million doing it so do you want a full
breakdown of the vssl if so click the
link in the description ENT your details
and I will send you both the actual vssl
that I'm scaling at $6,000 per day to
cold traffic not warm not [__] warm
this is different warm and cold is
completely different there's a cold
traffic DSL very important you need cold
traffic [__] that's what this is and
I'll give you a breakdown of it if you
click the first link in the description
put your name email phone number in
there and I'll send it to you if you put
fake data in you're not going to get it
cuz I'm going to email it to you right
I'm going to text it to you if you put
fake data in you won't get it all right
cool I love you my name is Daniel Faz
you you got some value subscribe all
right peace